README.md, before:

# GitHub User Search

### Purpose

This app re-implements a portion of GitHub's search by using the GitHub public API. You can enter a name of the user that you are searching for and will receive a paginated list of results. You can click on a result to jump to their GitHub profile.

### Development Focus

- Implement `TypeScript` to add static type-checking
- Implement `useEffect` hooks to react to data changes
- Create unit tests for components using `Jest` and `React Testing Library`
- Implement pagination with `react-paginate`

### Screenshots

<div>
<img width="400" height= "230"  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54158919/85046622-ad414700-b15e-11ea-8abf-d0bc815ceb5a.png">

<img width="400" height= "230" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54158919/85046750-d6fa6e00-b15e-11ea-8c0c-eb22d9fef93d.png">

</div>

### Future Improvements

- Implement more testing to reach 100% test coverage
  - Research mocking API request
- Refactor to use `react-query` for fetching and updating asynchronous data
- Refactor some tests to address this [article](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/common-mistakes-with-react-testing-library)

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies with `yarn install`
3. Start app with `yarn start`
4. Run tests with `yarn test`

Commit message:

chore: note rate limit error

README.md, after:

# GitHub User Search

### Purpose

This app re-implements a portion of GitHub's search by using the GitHub public API. You can enter a name of the user that you are searching for and will receive a paginated list of results. You can click on a result to jump to their GitHub profile.

### Development Focus

- Implement `TypeScript` to add static type-checking
- Implement `useEffect` hooks to react to data changes
- Create unit tests for components using `Jest` and `React Testing Library`
- Implement pagination with `react-paginate`

### Screenshots

<div>
<img width="400" height= "230"  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54158919/85046622-ad414700-b15e-11ea-8abf-d0bc815ceb5a.png">

<img width="400" height= "230" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54158919/85046750-d6fa6e00-b15e-11ea-8c0c-eb22d9fef93d.png">

</div>

### Future Improvements

- Implement more testing to reach 100% test coverage
  - Research mocking API request
- Refactor to use `react-query` for fetching and updating asynchronous data
- Refactor some tests to address this [article](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/common-mistakes-with-react-testing-library)
- Authenticate requests to increase [rate limit](https://developer.github.com/v3/#rate-limiting) from 60 to 5000 per hour

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone this repository
2. Install dependencies with `yarn install`
3. Start app with `yarn start`
4. Run tests with `yarn test`
